r3.0.1+
==================


---------
r3.2.0
---------
- Feature: add MCP ticket server
- Feature: add about Information on Frontend page
- Optimize: user info display optimization(ticket list and ticket history record)
- Optimize: added user guidance for creating workflows when none are available.
- Bugfix: Number field maxvalue and minvalue validation
- Bugfix: fix attchment field i18 issue



---------
r3.1.0
---------
- Feature: add Microsoft OIDC and wecom QR scan login
- Feature: add file&rich text&external data field
- Feature: add workflow design auto layout feature
- Security: security issues fix


---------
r3.0.1
---------
- Docker Compose: custom Redis/Postgres ports, drop version key, ARM build, pinned tags.
- User-facing: reset personal password; choose workflow version on create; English publish hint; flow preview node text; default language follows browser.
- Frontend: remove unused imports; upgrade yarn 4 / Node 22 / TS 5; incremental `yarn tsc`; type fixes; required label handled.
- I18n: numbers/dates/components/templates covered; i18-ally config; default language follows browser.
- Quality (workflow/forms): workflow version type editable; ticket field edits fixed; edge required check; user component drag fixed; rule editor i18n; notification editing fixed.
- Quality (templates/dates): date/time placeholders fixed; title template parsing fixed (creator, select display, editing).
- Ops: stdout logging restored; add initial user on deploy.
- Docs: issue templates refreshed; user/API docs.

